---
type: principle
tags: principle work team
recommended: no
---

# Work Principle

Currently working at [Data4Life](https://www.data4life.care) as the Team Lead of the SRE team.
I start this collection of my personal work principal after finishing reading the book [[Principle]].

# Meeting
1. Don’t take the time and attention of work colleagues for granted.

    1.1 They has to be valued and earned constantly.

    1.2 Be clear at the start of a meeting. What is the meeting about and for who ?

# Change

1. The power of change and adaptation comes from you to be the 
  change and make the adaption you want to see.

    1.1 Changes starts by yourself

# Efficiency

1. Just work Smart and not Hard

    1.1 Don’t repeat over and over the same discussion and conversations.

    1.2 Break repeating cycles they are mostly number one time consumers.

    1.3 It's all about the ratio of time and outcome. 
    It's not about how many hours you spend on certain tasks or topic.

# Tools / People
1. Tools have to follow people and not the people the tools.

    1.1 The number one priority of tools is to help people to be more productive and save time instead of cost time.

    1.2 If tools are not in line with point a) then drop them or replace them with an other tool.

# Leadership
1. It’s not about you.

    1.1 Focus has to be on the people.

    1.2 Help them to grow.

2. It’s all about you.

    2.1 Be authentic and lead by example.

    2.2 Don’t expect more from others then from yourself.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Principle]: ../books/principle "Book Ray Dalio - "Principle""
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
